Clearer information about the emptyDir and correction for how topologyKey works (#42780)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

default `emptyDir` volumes are stored on whatever medium that backs the node
such as disk, SSD, or network storage, depending on your environment. If you set
the `emptyDir.medium` field to `"Memory"`, Kubernetes mounts a tmpfs (RAM-backed
filesystem) for you instead.  While tmpfs is very fast be aware that, unlike

> disks, files you write count against your container's memory limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disks, files you write count against the memory limit of the container that wrote them.
```
AIUI it's even more complicated than this. If a container exists, the Pod's cgroup ends up owning the memory used to back the tmpfs. Another PR could write that up.
